which is the best entry level DSLR from
canon d just announced 1200 d or the
older 1100 d what's up guys it's the
tech Wally and in this video I will be
comparing the new recently announced
1200 D from Canon or also the Rebel t5
in the u.s. against the older back in
2011 announced 1100 D or the Rebel t3
both of the cameras are made for the
very beginner and DSLR photography they
are priced very low around $400 and I
think I'm not sure 400 $500 I've links
description so check that out I'm not
sure about the price right now but check
the description even below the
entry-level DSLR Nikon I compare the D
3200 which I'm filming on right now
against DD 3300 click here if you
haven't seen that video it's also in the
description below and they are very made
for the very beginner as already
mentioned so they have little less
features than the one from Nikon popping
icons are obviously a bit more expensive
first of all I will start with the
hardware on the 1100 D the older version
um I held it in my hand
and it feels horrible feels terrible the
most cheapest plastic ever so it feels
very terrible I don't I personally don't
like it at all
so they proved a lot with the 1200 D on
my opinion it doesn't feel great but it
feels way better and way nicer in my
opinion um so I like that
that is one point also it is a bit
lighter with 480 grams the newer version
against I think 495 or something like
that but a bit lighter overall so that's
the hardware the display has also been
improved on it's now 3 inches against
2.7 inches both fixed screen without a
touchscreen also the resolution has been
bumped up to 460 thousand dots I think
before was 200 to 1000 60 dots it's not
great but it's an improvement the
dimensions of the camera didn't change
much it just basically stayed the same
the viewfinder is also stayed the same
has stayed the same and it's very
typical for an entry-level DSLR it has a
pen Tamara
umm do you find it within 95 95 % view
coverage and is 0.8 times magnification
the 12.2 megapixels of the Rebel t3 have
been bumped up to 18 megapixels with the
newer version and um the sensor also got
a bit larger the sensor is still smaller
than the standard entry-level the sensor
size or crop sensor size from Nikon for
example but it still got larger which is
a good thing the autofocus points have
stayed the same with 9 points the burst
mode has improved a little bit from 2.7
fps to 3 pictures per second it's OK for
an entry-level DSLR the image processor
has stayed the same the image quality
however improved a little bit with the
newer version also it's possible to go
up to a higher ISO level 12800 now vs.
6400 on the older version and the ISO
was also a bit more useful
and there's a little less noise in the
picture in the pictures one thing that
surprised me very much
was the battery life the older version
of the 1100 D had in battery up to 700
shots which is good
I'm actually not bad but the newer
version has only 500 shot so that
surprised me a lot I've no idea why they
did that I'm sure they could have
improved the battery life or at least
stayed the same so I'm not sure so if
you want a high battery life you
shouldn't buy the newer version because
it's only lasts for 500 shots which is
not very good last but not least is the
video mode the video mode improved a lot
so before it has shot 720p video with
obtuse SATA 30 frames a second 30 with
25 frames per second now shoots 1080p
video also 30 25 and also 24 frames per
second it's good for a cinematic look or
genuinely cinema movies are shot in 24
frames per second and one thing that is
a huge improvement I haven't tried it
but from specs wise it's very good
continuous our autofocus or contrast
detection in video I don't know how it
works but if it works good it's a very
good improvement for a very good feature
for a very inexpensive DSLR camera
overall both DSLRs are great but for a
very low price point I think they're
worth a shot if you have a low budget or
a very very beginning photographer um
otherwise I would go with the 700d if
you have a bit more to spend or a Nikon
I like my D 3200 with the 3300 or the
newer version um but yeah both are good
cameras I personally wouldn't buy one
because
I'm just its lacks of the features I
need um but they're not bad I hope you
guys enjoy the video if you did please
drop me a thumbs up down below and also
comment if you have any questions
concerning the cameras also stay tuned
for more camera comparisons for example
so canon versus nikon entry-level DSLRs
and do not miss this video subscribe by
clicking the button over here to not
miss my next videos see you next time
Oh
you